Butler Zhang
When will you let your nephew come?
Introduce the warmth to him
I think the two of them are a good fit.
Yes, ma'am.
I'll arrange it for this game.
Put on this dress and come with me
I don't wear it what are you going to do
You'll know when you go.
Hurry up and want the lady to come over and invite you?
You are warm, aren't you?
My name is Sun Maorong
It's Zhang Weihua, the nephew of Butler Zhang
He introduced me to a blind date
Blind date
I have a boyfriend who doesn't need a blind date
And you just got out of the orange, right?
Because of robbery
Looking forward to more than half a year
You really don't know what to do.
My aunt said it
If you go
Your mother's medication is off
Let your mother wait to die
Haha, you see, we met today.
Can we set this wedding date first?
Sorry, it was a misunderstanding today.
And Butler Zhang
You didn't tell me you were here for a blind date
If nothing happens
I'll go first
Hey, you ungrateful bitch
Sooner or later I will let you lie in my bed obediently
aunt
The warm one doesn't seem to like me very much.
Don't want to be with me